what's up everyone I'm syv Perez I'm the
founder of AD conversion we teach B2B
marketers how to scale paid ads for free
with advertising courses taught by the
world's best practitioners and in this
quick tutorial I want to teach you the
top nine meta ad retargeting segments
you should be leveraging if you want to
scale retargeting on Facebook and
Instagram so without further Ado let's
get into it now you can see here all top
nine segments are listed in this article
if you actually want access to this
article then check out the description
box down below this video and this
article is part of a multi-step series
on how to build a multi Channel B2B
retargeting strategy so just walking
through it really quickly we've got all
these nine segments listed and you're
going to notice that there is a time
frame per segment so really the goal
here is we want to create all of these
different segments by these individual
time frames so all website visitors in
30 days 90 days 180 days if you have the
available reach and you can do this the
advantage is not all segments will
perform equally and by breaking it out
based on cohort of time like this you
can then create create personalized
content and messaging based on each time
frame of when the person last interacted
with your brand and because you're using
multiple segments within the same
campaign you're not just relying on all
website visitors or just all Facebook
page visitors you're using all of them
together as a team so all of them as
like an or statement so all website
visitors or all Facebook page visitors
so on and so forth so it's not
restricting your size overall it's
allowing you to scale your overall
retargeting size so a couple of the
segments just going through it is all
website visitors anyone that's went to
your site all Facebook page visitors
anyone that's interacted with your
Facebook page all Instagram account
visits all past event attendees so if
you've ran any Facebook events that
becomes an available audience all Leg
gen form opens and submits is another
good one all 25 to 95% video viewers so
if you're running a lot of video ads
this is a really big opportunity to
retarget the reason it's 95% and not
100% is it's just a Facebook thing they
don't let us for whatever whatever
reason they don't let us do 100 it's
just up to 95 and then all pricing demo
trial and case study bouncers and then
all meeting no shows so this is a very
specific campaign a spin-off campaign
where you're going to just show folks
almost think of it as like an abandoned
cart campaign for e-commerce but instead
for retargeting and you're going to show
ads to these people based on the intent
Pages they visited trying to get them
back to finish their transaction and
then last but not least it's all Clos
loss opportunities so this is any
contacts from from the loss deal if
you're a product Le company instead of
all Clos loss opportunities it can be
all past trial users right or inactive
trial user something like this
essentially let me walk you through this
in the ads manager to put it all
together to show you how you would build
this so when you log into your Facebook
ads manager or I'm sorry meta ads
manager you're going to come here to all
tools and then you click audiences and
we're going to want to create custom
audiences so all of these different
sources are sources that we can use for
retargeting so for remarketing let's say
website visits we're going to click the
website visit segment we're going to
choose the retention period so again
3091 180 and then we're going to name it
I always like to put remarketing in
Brackets and then the name of the
segment and then the time frame in a
parenthesis like this that's my naming
Convention feel free to take it if it it
finds value for you but this allows me
to just search REM in the audience
section when I'm building my campaign
and then all my R targeting segments pop
up that's pretty much it we would then
create it I would redo it and then I
would put 90 days then I would put as 90
create it do it again for 180 again
assuming I can actually hit on all these
time frames if worst case you're a brand
new brand like us at conversion we're a
newer brand we don't have a massive
retargeting list we're probably just
going to start with 90 days and that's
it and then we'll just we'll focus
everything on 90 days to start and then
over time as we get more visibility we
can start to create other time frames
and then I would create this again and
then I would repeat this process for all
of the other segments that I listed in
the article for example video views I
would do the same thing remarketing
let's just say 25% video views 30
days and then I would choose my
attention period I would choose the
available content that I want to
retarget off of the video completions
and then I'll create it and then so on
and so forth so I hope that makes sense
don't make it more complicated than that
if you have any questions drop them in
the comments below but again if you want
access to this article where we go more
into detail on all of the things go
around to put this together then
definitely check it out in the
description below and then also check
out the other videos in this playlist
referencing this blueprint as well I'll
see you in the next one